#PROJECT_DESCRIPTION

Consider the design of a database for a website for managing tree-cuttingfor a contractor David Smith. A client will need to register with the website with the following information: first name, last name, address, credit card information, phone number, and email. A unique client ID will be generated for the client when they register themselves. The workflow starts from a client to submit a request for quote, in which the client can submit the request for the cutting of one or several trees. For each tree, three pictures will be submitted as well as the following information: the size and the height of the tree,  location, how near it is to the a house. A note will also be sent as part of the request to allow the client to add whatever information they see fit. After receiving the request, David Smith can either reject the request with a note so that the client knows why the request is rejected, or respond with a quote in which an initial price is sent for cutting the requested trees as well as a time window (from when to when) that the work will be performed. After receiving the quote, the client can accept the quote immediately, which creates an order of work that forms the contract between David Smith and the client. Otherwise, the client can resubmit the request with a new note commenting and negotiating the terms for the quote: lower price, another day for the work. After receiving the revised request of quote, David Smith can modify the price or work period and send the revised quote to the client. Such negotiation can be looped as many times as necessary until the client accepts the offer or one of the parties quit from negotiation. In the case of quit, no agreement will be reached, the quote will simplify fail as the final step and will be closed. A new quote request will need to be submitted thereafter if the client changes their mind and like to pursue a new round of negotiation.   After the work specified in the order of work has been completed, David Smith will be able to generate a bill from the order of work and sends it to the client. After receiving the bill, the client can either pay the bill immediately using their credit card, or reject it with a note to explain the concerns and complaints. David Smith can resubmit the bill with his own note explaining or addressing the above concerns, including applying a discount if necessary. The negotiation on the bill can be sent back and forth as many times as possible. The bill will be concluded only when the client pays for the bill; otherwise, the bill will always be pending in a dispute status, possibly the two parties need to resort to external process such as a lawsuit, which is out of the scope of this project. In this project, you will need to model each response of the quote and each response of the bill as they are the evidence in a lawsuit. In terms of interfaces, we need to implement the following functionalities: 1) Dashboard for David Smith: a) check all incoming request of quote and examine their content, responses and status and b) check all orders of work, their content and status; c) check all bills of work, their content and status. David Smith should also be able to respond to the most recent response of quote and bill. A report of revenue can also be generated easily for a particular period. 2) Dashboard for clients: a) check the information of quotes, orders and bills. A client should be able to respond to the most recent response from David Smith. 3) Dashboard for the administrator root: click to initialize the database system and buttons and interfaces for different queries specified below.
